One.
I'm in a good mood.
I hope you are too.
The weather is nice.
Everything is great.
So in this course we're using typescript to create our applications now probably you don't have that
strong of a type school background and you don't need to because I'm sure you will learn most of it
on the fly.
Nonetheless if you're interested here's a little primer on typescript where I will go for the basic
concepts we're using flautas course.
Now beware typescript is much more than these basic concepts and they are from that document which will
lead you to additional resource if you want to dive deeper into it.
So what is typescript to begin with.
It's a superset of group which means in the end it compiles to javascript.
Why would we use it then right.
Because then we could just use javascript.
Not really it adds some nice features to the language which makes coding more fun in my opinion but
also less error prone and easier.
The most important thing and this is where the name comes from are typings the fact that became assigned
types to variables and properties for class members.
This is not possible in pure javascript as Javascript does not.
No typing in this way.
Therefore in shell script we can have a variable assigned strict with a next step outside the number
and then a boolean and this will work in time.
We can't do compilable yell at us and this is a good thing and reduce our chance to make errors to assign
wrong types to variables for example.
Additionally from this typing thing bigger our nice features like easily creating classes for Klasky
word using interfaces to create contracts or classes or pay burgles have to fulfill to use generic types
and use modules and I would guide through all these parts.
Next we.
See their